bpo-37471: mmap module adding FreeBSD specific flag into the constants (#14513)
python/cpython: Doc/library/mmap.rst

   private copy-on-write mapping, so changes to the contents of the mmap
   object will be private to this process, and :const:`MAP_SHARED` creates a
   mapping that's shared with all other processes mapping the same areas of
   the file. :const:`MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER` (FreeBSD only) allows to map to

>    pages of 2MB (x86) or so, it is enabled by default, at boot time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pages of 2 MiB (x86) or so, it is enabled by default, at boot time,
```

Is it x86 (32-bit) or x86-64 (64-bit)?

Reviewer: Write maybe (x86, x86-64) in this case... But I'm not sure if Python documentation should go too far in the description, since FreeBSD may decide to add support for MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER for other platforms.

>    and exists since 2008.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence :-/ I suggest:

```
:const:`MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER` (FreeBSD only) uses super pages feature,
it is enabled by default in most of architectures and exists since 2008.
```

>    :ref:`MAP_* constants <mmap-constants>`.

Reviewer: "MAP_* constants" is not really a sentence. Maybe move it after the default, and write something like:

```
The default value is :const:`MAP_SHARED`. 
See :ref:`MAP_* constants <mmap-constants>`.
```

      the mmap was created with :const:`ACCESS_READ`, then writing to it will
      raise a :exc:`TypeError` exception.

.. _mmap-constants:

MAP_* Constants
+++++++++++++++

.. data:: MAP_ANONYMOUS
          MAP_ANON
          MAP_SHARED
          MAP_PRIVATE
          MAP_DENYWRITE
          MAP_EXECUTABLE

>           MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER

Reviewer: You have to document that MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER is new, example:

```
.. versionadded:: 3.9
   Add :data:`MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER` constant.
```

      the mmap was created with :const:`ACCESS_READ`, then writing to it will
      raise a :exc:`TypeError` exception.

.. _mmap-constants:

MAP_* Constants
+++++++++++++++

.. data:: MAP_ANONYMOUS
          MAP_ANON
          MAP_SHARED
          MAP_PRIVATE
          MAP_DENYWRITE
          MAP_EXECUTABLE
          MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER

>           MAP_CONCEAL

Reviewer: You have to document that MAP_CONCEAL is new.

   Availability: Systems with the madvise() system call.

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

   .. versionadded:: 3.9

>       Add :data:`MAP_ALIGNED_SUPER` constant.

Reviewer: Can you move this to the your new  MAP_* Constants  section?
